the new Chi estate is my last hiding
place she's called in all her soldiers
that's fine by me
fewer wasted bullets that way
ha hell of a funeral Frank hey it was
like one of those Egyptian things where
they kill all the Pharaohs servants so
they can serve Him into the afterlife
just like that soap except these guys
were all over dress for the place
they'll be spending eternity yeah back
to the new cheese now Frank not content
with killing both the manu cheese sons
and hundreds of her business associates
you felt the need to kill her too it's
too bad you and Mom would have made a
nice couple so let's talk about what
happened the next night at the new
cheese estate is mom her hired assassin
Bushwhacker dozens of new cheese
soldiers and you Frank
no welcoming committee enough to make
myself at home
Louie how many bodies we dumped down
this well I don't know I can't count
that I so must be more than 10 yeah I
guess hey fuck you
at least I finished 4th grade only cuz
you cheated up a meat dumbass
I needs my operation forget about it I
ain't helping you I can't my Jimmy
all right whatever you want I'll do it
just stop
I'm gonna fuck you up
neighbors must be used to gunfire over
here
keepers finally let you out of the zoo
just shoot yourself and save me the
bullet smile castle you're gonna see
your family again